Brother Long Zi, I want to be your woman
Don't you want me to get pregnant?
Today happens to be the heating period.
I'm sure I can get pregnant
sweet
I'm still in school
Can't move the moon, have you forgotten?
But last time you said there are variables.
Long Zi Ge
I will take good care of you instead of my sister.
Zhou Ze rolled in
President, he must have taken medicine
Throw him to the hospital
Don't touch me!
Go away, only Brother Long Zi can touch me
Brother Longzi save me Brother Longzi
It seems that but as soon as these things happen
Teacher Xiuyuanyu told me
Is the baby in Joanne's belly yours?
Joanne is my woman
Of course the baby in his belly is mine
I've been interrogated all my life
The woman he did artificial insemination with was Joanne
The child in his belly is shameless